PID section added (#664)
italia/eid-wallet-it-docs: docs/en/functionalities.rst

- The PID MUST display its status if different from valid to provide transparency on its lifecycle and MAY display it if valid. Specific details about the PID status, if invalid, MAY be provided (e.g., the reason why the PID is revoked); 
- The PID MUST include Action Buttons to enable lifecycle management and allow the User to revoke the PID, thus the entire Wallet Instance with all EAAs issued, or to update the PID at any time (see :ref:`functionalities:Management of Electronic Attestations`); 
- The PID MUST be an interactive element, for the User to be authenticated by a Relying Party in a digital context (see :ref:`functionalities:Authentication`), to access services in proximity contexts, and to request the issuance of additional EAAs (see :ref:`functionalities:Issuance of Electronic Attestation of Attributes`);  
- The PID MUST display a method of assistance by the PID Provider (see :ref:`functionalities:User Assistance`); 
- The PID representation MUST adhere to a defined set of specifications provided by the PID Provider to ensure recognizability, consistency and homogeneity among different Wallet Solutions. 

The PID Provider MUST: 

> - Implement a name/ naming convention to refer to the PID, to guarantee consistency across all Wallet Solutions;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Implement a name/naming convention to refer to the PID, to guarantee consistency across all Wallet Solutions;
```

> - Implement a name/ naming convention to refer to the PID, to guarantee consistency across all Wallet Solutions;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Implement a name/naming convention to refer to the PID, to guarantee consistency across all Wallet Solutions;
```

> In case of errors using the Wallet Instance, the Wallet Provider MUST guarantee that the User receives consistent messages that inform them and guide them toward resolving the issue. For further details, please refer to the `Error Management`_ section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In case of errors using the Wallet Instance, the Wallet Provider MUST guarantee that the User receives consistent messages that inform them and guide them toward resolving the issue. For further details, please refer to the :ref:`functionalities:Error Management` section.
```

Focus on PID – Person Identification Data

> =========================================

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

> The PID (Person Identification Data) refers to verified minimum set of informations about the User identity (see :ref:`PID/(Q)EAA Data Model`) issued as a result of the activation process and made available in the Wallet Instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The PID (Person Identification Data) refers to verified minimum set of informations about the User identity (see :ref:`credential-data-model:Digital Credential Data Model`) issued as a result of the activation process and made available in the Wallet Instance.
```

- Surname
- Date of birth
- Fiscal code

> (Place of birth, Nationality)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Focus on PID – Person Identification Data
===================================
The PID (Person Identification Data) refers to verified minimum set of informations about the User identity (see :ref:`PID/(Q)EAA Data Model`) issued as a result of the activation process and made available in the Wallet Instance.
Below are the requirements for displaying and using the PID that each Wallet Provider MUST adhere to, in order to provide a consistent and accessible consultation and usage experience: 
```

Author: The PID (Person Identification Data) refers to verified minimum set of informations about the User identity (see :ref:`PID/(Q)EAA Data Model`) issued as a result of the activation process and made available in the Wallet Instance.

- The PID MUST display its status if different from valid to provide transparency on its lifecycle and MAY display it if valid. Specific details about the PID status, if invalid, MAY be provided (e.g., the reason why the PID is revoked); 

> - The PID MUST include Action Buttons to enable lifecycle management and allow the User to revoke the PID, thus the entire Wallet Instance with all EAAs issued, or to update the PID at any time (see :ref: `Management of Electronic Attestations`); 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The PID MUST include Action Buttons to enable lifecycle management and allow the User to revoke the PID, thus the entire Wallet Instance with all EAAs issued, or to update the PID at any time (see :ref:`functionalities:Management of Electronic Attestations`); 
```

- The PID MUST be an interactive element, for the User to be authenticated by a Relying Party in a digital context (see :ref: `Authentication`), to access services in proximity contexts, and to request the issuance of additional EAAs (see :ref: `Issuance of Electronic Attestation of Attributes`);  
- The PID MUST display a method of assistance by the PID Provider (see :ref: `User Assistance`); 

> - The PID MUST be recognizable by the User and distinguishable from other EAAs; 

Reviewer 2: @AntoPaparella we suggest to add here the specification on the naming convention and remove it from the next paragraph

```suggestion
- The PID MUST be recognizable by the User and distinguishable from other EAAs; 
- the PID MUST be named with the naming convention that will be defined in this document’s future version, avoiding custom or technical terms such as “Person Identification Data” or its acronym “PID”; 
```

> 
> The Wallet Provider MUST allow the user to:
> - Receive, store, visualize and interact with the user’s personal identity data (PID) in a secure and private manner in the wallet app.
> - Manage the PID by providing an interface for them to easily view and control the validity and the status (valid, revoked, expiring, expired) with specific data they wish to share
> - Present the PID in order to be identified by the Relying Party in a digital context and request the issuance of additional personal attestations. 
> - Present the PID and other attributes from (Qualified) Electronic Attestation of Attribute stored in the wallet to access services provided by Relying Parties. The user can present the PID using the same presentation methods as those available for the other certificates in the wallet.
> - Revoke or update the PID (and the wallet instance with all the attestation issued) at any time, with the ability to request the deletion or modification of data stored within the wallet to ensure user control and privacy
> - Recognize one's own PID and differentiate it from other (Q)EAAs, as it adheres to the comprehensive guidelines defined by the PID Issuer - not only concerning visual identity, but also including format, structure, and presentation standards.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

- The PID MUST be displayed correctly across all devices, ensuring a consistent experience on screens of varying sizes; 
- The PID MUST be named as defined by the PID Provider;  
- The PID MUST display its status if different from valid to provide transparency on its lifecycle and MAY display it if valid. Specific details about the PID status, if invalid, MAY be provided (e.g., the reason why the PID is revoked); 
- The PID MUST include Action Buttons to enable lifecycle management and allow the User to revoke the PID, thus the entire Wallet Instance with all EAAs issued, or to update the PID at any time (see :ref: `Management of Electronic Attestations`); 
- The PID MUST be an interactive element, for the User to be authenticated by a Relying Party in a digital context (see :ref: `Authentication`), to access services in proximity contexts, and to request the issuance of additional EAAs (see :ref: `Issuance of Electronic Attestation of Attributes`);  
- The PID MUST display a method of assistance by the PID Provider (see :ref: `User Assistance`); 
- The PID MUST be recognizable by the User and distinguishable from other EAAs; 
- The PID representation MUST adhere to a defined set of specifications provided by the PID Provider to ensure recognizability, consistency and homogeneity among different Wallet Solutions. 
```

Author: - The PID MUST display a method of assistance by the PID provider

> - The PID MUST be an interactive element, for the User to be authenticated by a Relying Party in a digital context (see :ref: `Authentication`), to access services in proximity contexts, and to request the issuance of additional EAAs (see :ref: `Issuance of Electronic Attestation of Attributes`);  
> - The PID MUST display a method of assistance by the PID Provider (see :ref: `User Assistance`); 
> - The PID MUST be recognizable by the User and distinguishable from other EAAs; 
> - The PID representation MUST adhere to a defined set of specifications provided by the PID Provider to ensure recognizability, consistency and homogeneity among different Wallet Solutions. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The PID MUST be an interactive element, for the User to be authenticated by a Relying Party in a digital context (see :ref:`functionalities:Authentication`), to access services in proximity contexts, and to request the issuance of additional EAAs (see :ref:`functionalities:Issuance of Electronic Attestation of Attributes`);  
- The PID MUST display a method of assistance by the PID Provider (see :ref:`functionalities:User Assistance`); 
- The PID representation MUST adhere to a defined set of specifications provided by the PID Provider to ensure recognizability, consistency and homogeneity among different Wallet Solutions. 
```

> The PID Provider MUST define: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PID Provider MUST implement: 
```

this documentation defines,, the PID must implement.

> The PID Provider MUST define: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The PID Provider MUST: 
```

> The PID Issuer MUST define: 
> - a name/naming convention to refer to the PID, which must be consistent across all wallet solutions
> - a clear set of guidelines for the PID to ensure consistent identification and representation of the PID across different wallet solutions, in terms of format, structure, and presentation standards (e.g. name, color, background, an official graphic element to clearly identify and differentiate it). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The PID Provider MUST define: 

- a name/ naming convention to refer to the PID, to guarantee consistency across all Wallet Solutions. The PID name MUST be comprehensible and user-friendly avoiding technical terms such as “Person Identification Data” or its acronym “PID”;
- a clear set of specifications for the PID to ensure consistent identification and representation of the PID across different Wallet Solutions, in terms of format, structure and appearance standards (e.g. name, color, background image, etc.). 
```

> - a name/ naming convention to refer to the PID, to guarantee consistency across all Wallet Solutions. The PID name MUST be comprehensible and user-friendly avoiding technical terms such as “Person Identification Data” or its acronym “PID”;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Implement a name/ naming convention to refer to the PID, to guarantee consistency across all Wallet Solutions;
```

> - a clear set of specifications for the PID to ensure consistent identification and representation of the PID across different Wallet Solutions, in terms of format, structure and appearance standards (e.g. name, color, background image, etc.). 

Reviewer: this documentation must define the name convention and the set of specs, therefore these must be defined within these pages

Author: ```suggestion
- a defined name/ naming convention to refer to the PID that MUST be consistently used across all the Wallet Solutions to guarantee uniformity and interoperability. The PID name MUST be comprehensible and user-friendly avoiding technical terms such as “Person Identification Data” or its acronym “PID”;
- a clear set of specifications for the PID to ensure consistent identification and representation of the PID across different Wallet Solutions, in terms of format, structure and appearance standards (e.g. name, color, background image, etc.). 
```

> - a clear set of specifications for the PID to ensure consistent identification and representation of the PID across different Wallet Solutions, in terms of format, structure and appearance standards (e.g. name, color, background image, etc.). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Define a clear set of specifications for the PID to ensure consistent identification and representation of the PID across different Wallet Solutions, in terms of format, structure and appearance standards (e.g. name, color, background image, etc.). 
```

If an Authentic Source (or an Electronic Attestation of Attributes Provider, should it coincide with the Authentic Source) intends to implement an Engagement Button to initiate the request process from their Touchpoint, they MUST ensure compliance with the graphical appearance and implementation requirements for the Engagement Button, as outlined in the :ref:`brand-identity:IT-Wallet System Brand Identity` section.

Focus on Electronic Attestations of Attributes

> ==============================================

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
==============================================
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

The EAAs obtained within the Wallet Instance SHOULD be displayed in a list within a Preview View. In this case, each EAA MUST ensure a high level of recognizability and accessibility [REF_ACCESSIBILITY] of the information contained. Below are the requirements for displaying the EAA that each Wallet Provider MUST adhere to in order to provide a consistent and accessible consultation and usage experience:

> Layout of Electronic Attestations
> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
title is already on top

- The EAA MUST be displayed correctly across all devices, ensuring a consistent experience on screens of varying sizes;
- The name of the EAA MUST be clearly visible and always displayed in both the Detail View and the Preview View;
- The EAA, both in the Preview View and the Detailed View, MUST display its status if different from valid to provide transparency on its lifecycle and MAY display it if valid. The Preview View MAY also include additional Attributes to enhance the User Experience and management; for example, it MAY display the name or logo of the Electronic Attestation of Attributes Provider or the PID Provider. The Detailed View MAY provide specific details about the state if invalid (e.g., the reason why the EAA is revoked);
- The EAA MUST include Action Buttons in the Detail View to enable lifecycle management and allow the User to revoke or to update a EAA at any time (see :ref: `Management of Electronic Attestations`); 

> - The EAA MUST be an interactive element, for the User to access services provided by Relying Parties in digital and proximity contexts (see :ref: `Presentation of Electronic Attestation`); 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The EAA MUST include Action Buttons in the Detail View to enable lifecycle management and allow the User to revoke or to update a EAA at any time (see :ref:`functionalities:Management of Electronic Attestations`); 
- The EAA MUST be an interactive element, for the User to access services provided by Relying Parties in digital and proximity contexts (see :ref:`functionalities:Presentation of Electronic Attestation`); 
```

- The EAA MAY be displayed in a card format in their Preview View, in line with approaches already used by other digital wallets in the market, to mirror the appearance of a corresponding physical document. When applicable, the digital nature of the document MAY be indicated, such as by labeling it as a "digital version" in the layout; 
- The EAA MUST display the same information in the Detail View as shown in the Preview View and MAY include additional details; 

> - The EAA MUST display a method of assistance (see :ref: `User Assistance`); 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The EAA MUST display a method of assistance (see :ref:`functionalities:User Assistance`); 
```

- the Electronic Attestation MUST include Action Buttons in the Detail View to allow for management, as outlined in the `Management of Electronic Attestations`_ section.

> The Wallet Provider MUST allow the user to manage each single attestation in his wallet by providing a view to control the validity and the lifecycle, providing specific details about the state (e.g., valid, revoked, expiring, expired) and contact information for assistance, if needed. These lifecycle actions must be clearly communicated and supported within all wallet solutions to ensure a seamless and consistent user experience.
> 
> - All the (Q)EAAs must be homogeneous, consistent, and recognizable across all wallet solutions.
> - To ensure recognizability, each credential must include a defined set of common data attributes, such as the credential name, color scheme, and background.
> - These attributes must be defined by the Issuer. While credentials may vary in form, they must include at least one distinctive and recognizable visual element, and follow consistent color and layout standards (e.g., a driver's license must appear in pink across all wallets with a distinctive graphic element).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

We'd delete the content here, because we reviewed the suggestions and amended the entire section, see PR

> In case of errors using the Wallet Instance, the Wallet Provider MUST guarantee that the User receives consistent messages that inform them and guide them toward resolving the issue. For further details, please refer to the `Error Management`_ section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In case of errors using the Wallet Instance, the Wallet Provider MUST guarantee that the User receives consistent messages that inform them and guide them toward resolving the issue. For further details, please refer to the :ref:`functionalities:Error Management` section.
```
